
* What are some of the key design philosophies of the Linux operating system?
    - Linux is an open-source UNIX system which means that it relies on a worldwide community of volunteers to create new features, debug those features and basically maintain and improve the system. This is in contrast to corporate systems in which a private entity designs and tests a software product in order to make a profit. In researching the design "philosophy" of Linux or UNIX, there does seem to be some variation in what's actually included, but three things seem to stand out: 
    -       Empower users (i.e., don't worry about "keeping them safe" -- assume that the user of your system isn't an idiot, and even if they are an idiot, that's OK, let them break things and then they'll learn)
    -       Keep things simple and short as much as possible, and
    -       Ensure that the system itself stays free and open.
* In your own words, what is a VPS (virtual private server)? What, according to your research, are the advantages of using a VPS?
    - A VPS is basically disembodied a computer. It has it's own "space," that is, an OS, a "disk," files, users, etc., but it's really a physical machine in the traditional sense. It's created by carving out space on an actual physical server/computer and allocating that space/resources to the more "virtual" construct of a VPS. Instead of being a single-family house, it's more like an apartment in a big apartment building (server). Whether a VPS "lives" on your own computer or in some giant server farm somewhere, it's separate from the things around it, which is basically the key advantage is using one. You could deliberately install a virus on it or delete everything from the hard drive and (provided it wasn't doing anything all that important and/or you had things backed up) it wouldn't be the end of the world because you could always just create another one. 
* Optional bonus question: Why is it considered a bad idea to run programs as the root user on a Linux system?
    - The root user is really meant to be used for administrative tasks -- it's power is absolute, so any program you have running as the root user basically has free reign to do whatever it wants to the entire system. In contrast, breaking out separate users and being able to tailor their privileges to what they should be allowed to do will give you greater security and stability because you can limit the level of havoc that one bad application or user can create.